Add Transifex tip to be notified of file changes (#1640)
ipfs-shipyard/ipfs-webui: README.md

The translations are stored on [./public/locales](./public/locales) and the English version is the source of truth. We use Transifex to help us translate WebUI to another languages.

> **If you're interested in contributing a translation**, go to [our page on Transifex](https://www.transifex.com/ipfs/ipfs-webui/translate/), create an account, pick a language and start translating. Be sure to change your notification settings to be notified when the source changed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**If you're interested in contributing a translation**, go to [our page on Transifex](https://www.transifex.com/ipfs/ipfs-webui/translate/), create an account, pick a language and start translating. Be sure to change your notification settings to be notified when translation sources change.
```
